Update adapters and their deploy guides re: `output:'server'` (#11497)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/node.mdx

import PackageManagerTabs from '~/components/tabs/PackageManagerTabs.astro'

> This adapter allows Astro to deploy your [on-demand rendered routes and features](/en/guides/on-demand-rendering/) to to Node targets, including [server islands](/en/guides/server-islands/), [actions](/en/guides/actions/), and [sessions](/en/guides/sessions/).

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
This adapter allows Astro to deploy your [on-demand rendered routes and features](/en/guides/on-demand-rendering/) to Node targets, including [server islands](/en/guides/server-islands/), [actions](/en/guides/actions/), and [sessions](/en/guides/sessions/).
```

  </Fragment>
</PackageManagerTabs>

> Then, add the adapterto your `astro.config.*` file:

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
Then, add the adapter to your `astro.config.*` file:
```
